{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang2055{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fprq1\fcharset0 Courier New;}{\f1\fnil\fprq1\fcharset0 Courier New;}}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.15.1503;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\f0\fs20 The full changelog of TortoiseSVN:\par
\f1\par
Version 1.0.3\par
- ADD: It's now possible to invoke the add command on\par
       already versioned folders to add unversioned \par
       files inside that folder. (Stefan)\par
- CHG: The URL entry field now looks and behaves much more\par
       like the one in Internet Explorer (Thomas)\par
- CHG: TortoiseMerge now works on NT4 as well. (Thomas Girard)\par
- BUG: The overlay icons did not work on some machines\par
       correctly or not at all. (Stefan)\par
- BUG: committing a renamed directory didn't work. (Stefan)\par
\f0\par
\f1 Version 1.0.2\par
- ADD: Find dialog for TortoiseMerge. (Stefan)\par
- CHG: Improved checking for correctness of revision\par
       number fields (Thomas Epting)\par
- CHG: When "Ignore all whitespaces" is active and \par
       "don't show whitespaces" then the line diff bar\par
       doesn't show those whitespaces. (Stefan)\par
- CHG: The context menus can now be activated by\par
       either a right-click or the special\par
       windows key or shift-F10. (Stefan)\par
- BUG: Remove compiler optimizations which lead \par
       to a crash in the repo browser. (Stefan)\par
- BUG: Applying a patch which had the whole file\par
       deleted lead to a crash. (Stefan)\par
- BUG: TortoiseMerge showed error when the mousepointer\par
       moved past the last line in one-pane view. (Stefan)\par
- BUG: When sorting the files/folders in the commit dialog\par
       the "(P only)" mark got lost. (Stefan)\par
\par
Version 1.0.1\par
- ADD: The dialog asking the user to enter an URL (e.g.\par
       for the repo browser) has now a history of\par
       the last used URL's for the user to select from. (Stefan)\par
- ADD: New option to use a short version of the date\par
       for log messages. (Thomas Epting)\par
- ADD: The property page now shows the subversion\par
       properties in a combobox. \par
       There's also a tooltip showing additional\par
       information about the svn: properties. (Stefan)\par
- ADD: Ability to use different merge/diff programs\par
       for different filetypes. (Thomas Epting)\par
- ADD: Warn the user before creating a repository\par
       on a network share. (Stefan)\par
- ADD: Warn the user if (s)he tries to checkout/import\par
       via file to a repository on a network share. (Stefan)\par
- ADD: TortoiseMerge shows the line numbers \par
       in the views. (Stefan)\par
- ADD: Autopatch function to patch all files \par
       automatically. (Stefan)\par
- ADD: Line diff bar at the bottom of the two pane\par
       view, showing the two lines above each other\par
       (if the lines are different). Issue 88. (Stefan)\par
- ADD: A magnifier for the locatorbar in TME. (Stefan)\par
- CHG: Many cosmetic changes to the UI. (Stefan)\par
- CHG: The log dialog shows now the log messages\par
       in the fourth column (a short version) so\par
       you can see the logs without clicking on\par
       the revision. (Thomas Epting)\par
- CHG: The font combobox now only shows each font\par
       once. (Stefan)\par
- CHG: Updated TortoisePlink to 0.53b - now \par
       includes proxy support. \par
- BUG: If the "Check for updates" dialog is started\par
       for a file (not for a folder), the filename\par
       wasn't shown. (Stefan)\par
- BUG: Fix various bugs with svn:externals and the\par
       commit/add dialogs. (Stefan)\par
- BUG: The shell part didn't have the APR_ICONV_PATH\par
       environement variable set. (Stefan)\par
- BUG: Various bugfixes for TortoiseMerge. (Stefan)\par
\par
Version 1.0\par
- ADD: New option in the settings dialog to set the \par
       filetimes to the last commit time. This solves\par
       issue 83. (Stefan)\par
- ADD: From the log dialog it's now possible to start\par
       the repository browser so it browses the\par
       selected revision. (Stefan)\par
- ADD: New button in the settings dialog to open\par
       the subversion config file with the default\par
       text editor. (Stefan)\par
- ADD: Implement Issue 87. TortoiseMerge shows now\par
       the filename and the revision in the viewtitle.\par
       TME gets this information from TSVN. (Stefan)\par
- ADD: The repository browser now allows the selection\par
       of more than one item. With this, the user can\par
       now select two files/folders from different\par
       urls (e.g. trunk and tags) and request a diff\par
       from them. (Stefan)\par
- ADD: Implement a "Delete" command in the context menu of \par
       the commit dialog for unversioned files. (Stefan)\par
- ADD: TortoiseMerge can now handle UTF8 files. (Stefan)\par
- ADD: Selecting of lines and copying them to the\par
       clipboard in TortoiseMerge. (Stefan)\par
- CHG: Use of an iterator to gather all the files\par
       needed for import/commit/add. This saves a lot\par
       of memory and is also a big speedup for large\par
       directories. (Jon Foster)\par
- CHG: The log message editboxes now do "soft-wrap",\par
       i.e. the logmessage is wrapped at the right\par
       end of the dialog box. (Stefan)\par
- CHG: "Show unversioned files before committing" is now\par
       enabled by default. (Stefan)\par
- BUG: In TME it was not possible to select a diff block\par
       completely if it started at the first line. (Stefan)\par
- BUG: Creating a branch/tag from a modified working\par
       copy did not include the changes from the\par
       working copy! (Stefan)\par
- BUG: In the Commit and the Add dialog: if a file was\par
       selected then only the topmost parentfolder was\par
       automatically selected instead of all intermediant\par
       parentfolders. (Stefan)\par
- BUG: Export always used HEAD, even if another revision\par
       was specified in the dialog. (Stefan)\par
- BUG: Showing diffs for changed files from the list in\par
       the log dialog was done with the wrong revisions. (Stefan)\par
- BUG: When adding files in a directory with svn:externals\par
       in it already controlled files got shown in\par
       the add dialog. (Stefan)\par
- BUG: Some patchfiles were not parsed correctly. (Stefan)\par
- BUG: Fixed a massive memory leak when showing logs,\par
       also reduced memory consumption when \par
       committing. (Stefan)\par
- BUG: If the config file was messed up with TSVN just\par
       crashed instead of showing the error and exit. (Stefan)\par
- BUG: When sorting by a column in the commit dialog\par
       the selections (checkboxes) got lost. (Stefan)\par
- BUG: When the recursive overlay was activated, the\par
       overlays for folders weren't shown recursive if\par
       the explorer columns weren't sorted by name. (Stefan)\par
\f0\par
\f1 Version 0.26\par
- ADD: The columns in the progress and the commit dialog \par
       are now sortable. (Stefan)\par
- ADD: It's possible now to drag on the locatorbar\par
       in TME. (Stefan)\par
- ADD: TME now shows ToolTips for the filenames in\par
       each view to make it easier to see the\par
       full path. (Stefan)\par
- ADD: New context menu to open files with the\par
       default application in the commit dialog. (Stefan)\par
- ADD: By placing a '#' in front of the paths for the\par
       external diff/merge programs make TSVN use\par
       it's own program TortoiseMerge. This helps\par
       users who want to switch easily between\par
       two different programs. (Stefan)\par
- ADD: german translation of the TSVN docs. (Stefan)\par
- ADD: the helpfile is chosen according to the\par
       selected language. (Stefan)\par
- ADD: Configurable font and fontsize in TME. (Stefan)\par
- ADD: Configurable font and fontsize for log messages\par
       in TSVN. (Stefan)\par
- BUG: Log messages could be shown with an additional\par
       empty line between the normal lines. (Stefan)\par
- BUG: The filepaths in the log messages were\par
       shown twice. (Stefan)       \par
- BUG: If a difference was only one line then\par
       TME skipped that when it should have gone\par
       there on file load. (Stefan)\par
- BUG: Filenames with ";" in it could not be\par
       committed. (Stefan)\par
- BUG: The groupbox text was shown black in the\par
       settings dialog on some systems. (Stefan)\par
\par
Version 0.25\par
- ADD: TME shows the differences in whitespaces\par
       inside a line too. (Stefan)\par
- ADD: New option to not convert files before\par
       diffing with BASE. (Stefan)\par
- ADD: By pressing F5 in the commit dialog you\par
       can refresh the file list. (Stefan)\par
- CHG: Enable the left view on loading files\par
       in TME. (Stefan)\par
- CHG: Use a fixed width font for log messages as\par
       default, selectable in the settings dialog. (Stefan)\par
- BUG: Fixed a bug in LogDlg, where Double-click \par
       and right-click behaved differently. \par
       Double-Click tried to fetch the log for \par
       a wrong revision. (Luebbe)\par
- BUG: Fixed a crash if the patchfile to apply contained\par
       a new but empty file. (Stefan)\par
- BUG: Don't try to show the context menu in TME for\par
       the view title. (Stefan)\par
- BUG: Bring the progress window to front even after\par
       a confirmation dialog. (Stefan)\par
- BUG: Pressing a key while the log dialog fetches\par
       all messages (or even after that) could\par
       throw an error. (Stefan)\par
       \f0\par
Version 0.24\par
- ADD: A new separate program to apply patches,\par
       showing diffs and resolving conflicts.\par
       The program is called TortoiseMerge.\par
       (Stefan)\par
- ADD: New command to create patchfiles in\par
       unified diff format from a modified\par
       working copy. (Stefan)\par
- ADD: New command to apply patchfiles in\par
       unified diff format to a working\par
       copy. (Stefan)\par
- ADD: New checkbox to select/deselect all entries\par
       in the commit dialog. (Stefan)\par
- ADD: A doubleclick on a file/entry in the log dialog\par
       starts the diff viewer. (Stefan)\par
- ADD: Doubleclicking on merged files in the update\par
       progress dialog starts the diff viewer. (Stefan)\par
- CHG: The settings dialog got a facelift. (Stefan)\par
- CHG: The layout in our installation folder\par
       is more organized. (Stefan)\par
- CHG: The about box got a facelift: it finally\par
       has the correct TSVN logo in it. (Stefan)\par
- CHG: Don't show an error if a temporary file\par
       can't get deleted because of a stupid\par
       virus scanner. (Stefan)\par
- CHG: The log dialog now shows the file/foldername\par
       for which the log is requested in the\par
       window title. (Stefan)\par
- BUG: Convert the Subversion error messages\par
       properly from UTF8 to UNICODE/MBCS. (Stefan)\par
\par
Version 0.23\par
- ADD: Most dialogs now have the "F1"-help\par
       working. (Stefan)\par
- ADD: The commit dialog now shows a busy cursor\par
       while the status of the working copy files\par
       is checked. (Stefan)\par
- BUG: The property page and the repo browser showed\par
       some garbage characters instead of clean\par
       Unicode chars. (Stefan)\par
- BUG: Folders with a "d" at the beginning could\par
       be shown wrong in the repository browser. (Stefan)\par
- BUG: In the property page the properties were\par
       not set to the selected value in the\par
       list-control. (Stefan)\par
- BUG: Fixed a registry handle leak in the shell\par
       extension. (Stefan)\par
       \par
Version 0.22\par
- ADD: A lot of improved icons. (Luebbe)\par
- ADD: Hint text for the setting "don't remove\par
       log messages when cancelling a commit". (Stefan)\par
- ADD: The "Add before commit" option allows now\par
       to add whole unversioned folders to be\par
       added before a commit. (Stefan)\par
- ADD: The commit dialog has a context menu from\par
       where its possible to revert changes\par
       in listed files. (Stefan)\par
- ADD: Doubleclicking on a locally modified entry\par
       in the "Check For Updates" dialog opens\par
       the diff-viewer. (Stefan)\par
- ADD: Reduce memory footprint of the status\par
       cache. (Stefan Fuhrmann)\par
- BUG: If the log dialog already showed all\par
       revisions the first time then disable\par
       the "Get All" button. (Stefan)\par
- BUG: TSVN could crash during authentication\par
       when fetching the remote status. (Stefan)\par
- BUG: After an update, the "Show Log..." \par
       only showed the last revision instead\par
       of all revisions since the last\par
       update. (Stefan)\par
- BUG: When looking for the associated program\par
       for a specific filetype (e.g. *.txt)\par
       the environement variables weren't\par
       expanded. (Stefan)\par
- BUG: TSVN could crash in the log dialog if\par
       the status of a file or folder could\par
       not be read. (Stefan)\par
- BUG: The status strings weren't localized\par
       in the commit and "Check for Updates"\par
       dialog. (Stefan)\par
- BUG: Menu settings could be ignored if \par
       the first settings change is to put\par
       all menu entries in the submenu. If\par
       any other setting was made first then\par
       everything was ok. (Stefan)\par
- BUG: When creating a folder on the repository\par
       root in the browser the refresh function\par
       went too far up. (Stefan)\par
- BUG: If no log entry was selected a right-click\par
       or a left-click on the message area below\par
       crashed the log dialog.\par
       The log dialog crashed if a key was pressed\par
       before any log messages got received. (Stefan)\par
- BUG: The repository browser handled the "+" sign\par
       in e.g svn+ssh:// url incorrectly.\par
       Also the "+" sign was missing in the\par
       explorer property page. (Stefan)\par
- BUG: svn+ssh didn't work at all until now. Thanks\par
       to Bjoern Kuenstig we were able to make\par
       it work. (Stefan)\par
- BUG: The dialog presented before an export had\par
       some labels/title mention "Checkout" instead\par
       of "Export" which confused some people. (Stefan)\par
- BUG: Deleting the temp files in the import dialog\par
       did not work if a file _and_ the parent\par
       folder were selected for deletion. (Stefan)\par
\par
       \par
Version 0.21\par
- ADD: If multiple targets are selected for\par
       update the all targets which belong to\par
       the same repository (have the same uuid)\par
       are updated to the same revision, no matter\par
       if another commit happened in between\par
       those updates. (Stefan)\par
- ADD: Subversion got a new command: "Blame".\par
       TSVN has it too :) What it does?\par
       It shows you for each line in a file\par
       the revision it was last changed and\par
       the author (so you can blame a bug\par
       on that author :). (Stefan)\par
- ADD: The show log command now only shows\par
       the last 100 revisions, configurable\par
       in the settings dialog. A new "Get All"\par
       button then fetches the rest of the log\par
       messages if needed. (Stefan)\par
- CHG: Rewrite of the status cache. The time\par
       for sorting a by a column should now\par
       take much less time and scale much\par
       better than before. (Stefan)\par
- CHG: Don't error out when doing a merge \par
       if the wc has been changed. (Stefan)\par
- BUG: Empty lines were not shown in log\par
       messages. (Stefan)\par
- BUG: Temp files weren't deleted before an\par
       import even if they were marked for\par
       deletion. (Stefan)\par
- BUG: The log message when creating a new\par
       folder was always the same. (Stefan)\par
- BUG: Changes made on folders in the repo-\par
       browser weren't shown (refresh did\par
       not work). (Stefan)\par
- BUG: "An invalid argument was encountered"\par
       in the log-dialog when working only\par
       with keyboard got fixed. (Stefan)\par
\par
Version 0.20.2\par
- BUG: crash bug not fixed in 0.20.1 (one Ctrl-Z\par
       to remove debugging code too much :)\par
       (Stefan)\par
       \par
Version 0.20.1\par
- BUG: A crash occured if the ssh settings were\par
       not empty. (Stefan)\par
- BUG: Main page in the settings dialog lost\par
       the language settings if the combo-box\par
       wasn't touched. (Stefan)\par
\par
Version 0.20\par
- BUG: The property page was always shown in english,\par
       no matter what language was set. (Stefan)\par
- BUG: The repository browser didn't work for file:///\par
       URLs which had escaped chars in it. (Stefan)\par
- BUG: If the "X"-Button of the progress window was\par
       pressed twice the window just hang. (Stefan)\par
- BUG: The external merge program was started\par
       with the filenames only instead of the\par
       full filepaths. (Stefan)\par
- BUG: The status cache wasn't thread-safe and\par
       also not process-safe. Thanks to Luebbe\par
       for reminding me. (Stefan)\par
- BUG: Clicking on certain Links/Folders/Files\par
       and trying to show the subversion\par
       properties could crash the explorer.\par
       (Stefan)\par
- CHG: The context menu is disabled for ".svn"\par
       directories. (Stefan)\par
- CHG: The balloon tooltips have now the standard\par
       color of windows as the background. (Stefan)\par
- ADD: Branch/Tag is available for single files\par
       too, not just folders. (Stefan)\par
- ADD: Several new commands for the repository\par
       browser. Also a new command in the context\par
       menu to start the repo browser. (Stefan)\par
- ADD: If a conflict occurs during an update/merge\par
       operation you can now just doubleclick on\par
       the conflicted entry to start the external\par
       merge program. (Stefan)\par
- ADD: New option to close the progress window\par
       automatically after the command is\par
       finished. (Stefan)\par
- ADD: Import and Add dialog got a "select/deselect all"\par
       button. (Stefan)\par
- ADD: TortoisePlink (SSH-Client) and settings entry\par
       for the SVN_SSH variable. (Stefan)\par
       \par
Version 0.19\par
- BUG: The conflicted files weren't always determined\par
       correctly. (Stefan)\par
- BUG: The settings page for the menu layout set the\par
       settings to the default values if the page\par
       wasn't selected. (Dimentiy)\par
- BUG: File-entries in the log dialog could not be\par
       selected if the message contained more than\par
       three lines. (Stefan)\par
- BUG: Issue 67: Show Log + Escape = crash. fixed. (Stefan)\par
- BUG: There was a memory leak which made explorer use\par
       a huge amount of RAM over time. (Stefan)\par
- BUG: The cache timeout wasn't calculated correctly.\par
       This lead to wrong icon overlays and needed\par
       several "F5" to get the right ones. (Stefan)\par
- CHG: The "rename" command now uses the --force option\par
       by default so that modified files can be renamed\par
       too. (Stefan)\par
- CHG: The log dialog got minimize/maximize buttons. (Stefan)\par
- ADD: Log messages selectable to copy them to the\par
       clipboard (with Ctrl-C). Issue 64. (Stefan)\par
- ADD: Search function for log messages. (Stefan)\par
- ADD: Properties can be set/removed recursively. (Stefan)\par
- ADD: "Find" button in the merge dialog for finding\par
       the revision at which the branch occurred.\par
       Also the log dialog is shown to help decide\par
       which revisions should be merged in.\par
       Please note: this works only correct if the\par
       server has subversion 0.28 and higher! (Stefan)\par
- ADD: Commands "diff", "gnudiff" in the "Changed Files"\par
       dialog work now for wc-changes too.\par
       Also added a "revert" command. (Stefan)\par
- ADD: The "show log" button is activated not only\par
       after updates but also after switch (if the\par
       revision number after the switch is higher\par
       than before). (Stefan)\par
- ADD: The property page is now shown for multiple\par
       files too (without the information about\par
       a file, since every file has different\par
       status, dates, names, ...). This allows\par
       to set/remove properties on multiple files\par
       at once. (Stefan)\par
\par
Version 0.18\par
- BUG: The repository browser didn't escape the url\par
       sequences. (Stefan)\par
- BUG: Explorer could crash when doing a column sort\par
       on really big working copies. Thanks a lot\par
       to L\'fcbbe for helping in finding this bug. (Stefan)\par
- BUG: Some parts of the log message itself were selectable\par
       in the log dialog. (Stefan)\par
- CHG: Removed the limitation for property lengths\par
       in the property page. (Stefan)\par
- CHG: Status text from "unversioned" to "non-versioned".\par
       (Stefan)\par
- ADD: A new entry in the main settings page can be\par
       used to tell TSVN to reuse the entered log-message\par
       in the commit dialog even if the user cancelles\par
       the dialog. This was a user request. (Stefan)\par
- ADD: New right-drag command to copy files/folders\par
       inside a working copy. (Stefan)\par
- ADD: Ask the user for external programs if none\par
       is specified in the settings. Also if no WinDiff\par
       like program is found do a unified diff and show\par
       that in a text-editor. (Stefan)\par
- ADD: The context menu layout is configurable from\par
       the settings dialog. (Stefan)\par
- ADD: Use of the new prompting providers of subversion,\par
       this means TSVN now uses more specific dialogs\par
       to ask questions about authentication and\par
       ssl certificates. (Stefan)\par
\par
Version 0.17\par
- BUG: the "Add" and "Add to ignore list" commands were\par
       shown even if there was no working copy. (Stefan)\par
- CHG: URL's are shown unescaped now, at least everywhere\par
       where they can't be edited. (Stefan)\par
- CHG: Follow the drive type settings: don't access\par
       drives which are not used. (Stefan)\par
- CHG: If there's nothing to commit, a dialog box\par
       pops up telling that. After that the main\par
       dialog is also closed so no more pressing\par
       "OK" or "Cancel" for nothing. (Stefan)\par
- CHG: The property page uses the XP visual styles\par
       on windows XP. (Stefan)\par
- ADD: The "Browse..." Button in the relocate dialog\par
       works now. (Stefan)\par
- ADD: Maximize button on the progress window. (Stefan)\par
- ADD: The resulting revision number is shown when\par
       doing commits, copies/tags, ... (Stefan)\par
- ADD: You can now enter a log message when doing an\par
       branch/tag. Fixes issue 63. (Stefan)\par
- ADD: Information about a successful tag in the log\par
       dialog. (Stefan)\par
- ADD: Exporting directly from an URL. (Stefan)\par
       \par
Version 0.16\par
- BUG: The "open" command in the repository browser\par
       was always active, even for URL's which \par
       can't be opened. (Stefan)\par
- BUG: Two more dialogs (Updates and Commit) were\par
       missing the new subversion statuses. (Stefan)\par
- BUG: The proxy parameters were stored under the wrong\par
       key in the registry. (Stefan)\par
- BUG: In Import, if no temporary files were found\par
       or all deselected then an error message\par
       was shown. (Stefan)\par
- BUG: In the log dialog if more than 500 files were\par
       changed in a revision then it showed "and 0 more"\par
       instead of the real remaining files. (Stefan)\par
- CHG: Changed the behaviour of the Log and Updates\par
       dialog if a network timeout occured. (Stefan)\par
- CHG: If the option "recursive overlays" is not set\par
       then the status for folders is always set to\par
       "normal" to speed things up a little. (Stefan)\par
- CHG: Added a timeout to the status cache. This\par
       is a workaround so that refreshing (pressing\par
       F5) isn't needed that much. (Stefan)\par
- CHG: Improved the status caching. (Stefan)\par
- CHG: if only the properties were modified then\par
       this is indicated by a "(P only)" in\par
       the status text in the commit dialog. (Stefan)\par
- ADD: The column provider uses now it's own status\par
       cache. (Stefan)\par
- ADD: Norwegian translation. (Jostein Andersen)\par
\par
Version 0.15.2\par
- BUG: The "Check for updates" dialog could\par
       crash for unversioned items. (Stefan)\par
- BUG: Subversion got new statuses which I\par
       completely missed. (Stefan)\par
- BUG: in the changed dialog if an entry was selected\par
       but no menu entry chosen then the \par
       OK button stayed disabled. (Stefan)\par
- BUG: It wasn't possible to add more than two files\par
       to the ignore list. (Stefan)\par
- ADD: New context menu in the "Check for updates"\par
       dialog: compare with working copy. (Stefan)\par
\par
Version 0.15.1\par
- BUG: Making a copy didn't always work. Some \par
       Pre-Commit-Hooks prevent too short\par
       log messages. (Stefan)\par
- BUG: Wrong error message was shown if the\par
       external diff viewer could not be\par
       started. (Stefan)\par
- ADD: In the "Check for updates" dialog two context\par
       menus for showing a diff and updating files\par
       and folders. (Stefan)\par
- ADD: The proxy-settings are saved even if they\par
       are disabled. That way you can enable/disable\par
       those settings without the need to always\par
       reenter the data. (Stefan)\par
\par
Version 0.15\par
- BUG: right-dragging a single file/folder resulted\par
       in error message "cannot copy path ... into\par
       its own child ...". (Stefan)\par
- BUG: The log dialog could crash if not enough\par
       memory is available. (Stefan)\par
- ADD: Select the files you want to delete before\par
       importing a project. (Stefan)\par
- ADD: New command "ignore" to set the svn:ignore\par
       property for selected files. This addition also\par
       includes the necessary changes for other \par
       commands to respect the ignored status of\par
       subversioned files. This fixes \par
       issues 38 and 60. (Stefan)\par
- ADD: While moving files inside a working copy\par
       a progress dialog is shown. (Stefan)\par
\par
Version 0.14\par
- BUG: A Path inside a local repository wasn't recognized\par
       as a valid repo path in the repository browser. \par
       Fixes Issue 56. (Stefan)\par
- BUG: Fixed issue 54. (Stefan)\par
- BUG: The dependency of SHGetFolderPathA in shell32.dll\par
       is removed so TSVN works again on NT4/Win98. (Stefan)\par
- BUG: renaming didn't work. (Stefan)\par
- BUG: The drag'n'drop-handler didn't work. (Stefan)\par
- BUG: The log for a renamed file/folder was shown\par
       as two deletes instead of a delete and an add. (Stefan)\par
- BUG: URL were not escaped. Issue 58. (Stefan)\par
- CHG: Some icons are changed, some new. (L\'fcbbe)\par
- CHG: If a file is deleted from the filesystem but not\par
       removed from version control the icon overlay\par
       shows the "deleted" icon. (Stefan)\par
- ADD: In the log dialog a new context menu entry\par
       for creating a tag from a specific revision.\par
       This solves issue 53. (Stefan)\par
- ADD: In the log dialog there's a context menu\par
       in the list of changed files to show the\par
       changes you made to that file in that\par
       revision. Solves issue 55. (Stefan)\par
- ADD: Added another context menu entry to the\par
       log dialog for creating a unified diff\par
       file (patch file) and showing that\par
       inside an external viewer. (Stefan)\par
- ADD: revert changes of a specific revision in\par
       the log dialog. (Stefan)\par
- ADD: New command to check for updates on the\par
       server. (Stefan)\par
\par
Version 0.12.1\par
- BUG: If an error occurred while executing a command\par
       in the log dialog the ok button wasn't reenabled\par
       again. (Stefan)\par
- BUG: Some with the file:/// prefix paths could crash \par
       the repository browser. (Stefan)\par
- BUG: Fixed typo in the conflict editor hint box. (Stefan)\par
- CHG: Changed some german translations. (Stefan)\par
- CHG: The Language Combo in the settings page is\par
       increased in size for all languages. (Stefan)\par
- CHG: reorganized the submenu. (Stefan)\par
- CHG: The installer doesn't contain the debug symbols\par
       and the crashhandler anymore. They can be downloaded\par
       separately. (Stefan)\par
- ADD: The About dialog shows which version of TSVN is\par
       installed (UNICODE or MBCS) in the window title. (Stefan)\par
- ADD: A new command which starts the default browser\par
       with the daily use guide. (Stefan)\par
              \par
Version 0.12\par
- BUG: hopefully fixed the bug in the repository-\par
       browser when using paths with four/five\par
       slashes. (Stefan)\par
- BUG: fixed some bugs in the repository browser. (Stefan)\par
- BUG: deselecting a file inside a folder in the\par
       add dialog lead to deactivation of _all_\par
       files which started with the same path, even\par
       if they weren't in the same folder. (Stefan)\par
- BUG: menu entries were shown twice for "link" files\par
       like .lnk and .rdp. This solves issue 52. (Stefan)\par
- BUG: the merge function wasn't working correctly since\par
       no revisions were used. (Stefan)\par
- CHG: the log command now has the strict-option\par
       set to false instead of true. (Stefan)\par
- CHG: time/date is now shown using the local\par
       format. This solves issue 49. (Stefan)\par
- CHG: removed dependency to msimg32.dll. (Stefan)\par
- CHG: the commit dialog shows the modified files\par
       with path. (Stefan)\par
- CHG: the rename dialog allows only to rename and\par
       not to move anymore. To move files do a right\par
       drag in explorer. (Stefan)\par
- CHG: in the show-log dialog only the first 50\par
       files that were changed are listed to reduce\par
       memory consumption. (Stefan)\par
- ADD: repository browser works with svn://\par
       svn+ssl:// (Stefan)\par
- ADD: enhanced the repository browser with a\par
       popup-menu containing commands like\par
       "show log", "save as..." and "open". (Stefan)\par
- ADD: new menu entry to start an external merge\par
       program, including parameters. (Stefan)\par
- ADD: the "temporary file mask" can now contain\par
       folders (marked with a backslash at the end)\par
       and has a positive list (marked with a \par
       plus sign "+" in front). So you are now\par
       able to specify something like\par
       "+readme.txt;*.txt;cvs\\" which will allow\par
       the file readme.txt but deny all other *.txt\par
       files, and will deny all folders and files within\par
       a folder named "cvs". \par
       Please note that the order is from left\par
       to right - so "*.txt;+readme.txt" will deny\par
       all *.txt files, the readme.txt will also\par
       be denied since it has lower priority than\par
       the *.txt match. (Stefan)\par
- ADD: before doing a merge TSVN checks if the\par
       working copy has uncommitted changes\par
       and shows an error message if it has. (Stefan)\par
- ADD: if a file has been deleted in the explorer but\par
       not in version control then the commit dialog\par
       lets the user select those files and they\par
       will be deleted from version control before\par
       the commit. (Stefan)\par
- ADD: better caching of subversion statuses. (Stefan)\par
- ADD: two new icon overlays for status "deleted"\par
       and for status "added". (Stefan)\par
- ADD: new command "relocate". (Stefan)\par
\par
Version 0.11.2\par
- BUG: entering the settings page without\par
       activating the icon overlay page\par
       resulted in complete loss of \par
       overlay settings if other changes\par
       were saved. (Stefan)\par
- BUG: in our own caching provider the\par
       username/password wasn't initialized\par
       on the first attempt - this lead to\par
       undetermined behaviour and crashes!\par
       (Stefan)\par
- CHG: some minor GUI changes in the property\par
       page for the explorer, according to\par
       the hint from Dimentiy. (Stefan)\par
- CHG: the url in the property page is no\par
       longer compacted. (Stefan)\par
\par
Version 0.11.0\par
- BUG: if all files were deselected in the commit\par
       dialog then the progress dialog couldn't be\par
       closed anymore. (Stefan)\par
- BUG: Resizing of dialogs didn't work correctly\par
       so I changed the resizing system (Stefan)\par
- BUG: corrected tooltip in the checkout dialog (Stefan)\par
- BUG: for network paths TSVN created a file:// path\par
       with five instead of four slashes. (Stefan)\par
- CHG: Repository browser now has a minimal size\par
       so that resizing works better. (Stefan)\par
- CHG: if the checkout directory is left empty\par
       then the OK button is now disabled (Stefan)\par
- CHG: if no valid path is given then the\par
       repository browser opens now on the\par
       desktop by default. (Stefan)\par
- CHG: unified interface elements. Issue 45. (Stefan)\par
- CHG: made the menu entries align with others. (Stefan)\par
- CHG: the menu icons are still ownerdrawn, but\par
       if the registry entry \par
       (DWORD)HKCU\\Software\\TortoiseSVN\\OwnerdrawnMenus\par
       is set to 0 (zero) then TortoiseSVN uses\par
       the system to draw the icons. (Stefan)       \par
- ADD: Translation to russian language added (Dimentiy).\par
- ADD: in the property page it's now possible to\par
       select and copy/paste the information. This\par
       fixes issue 46. (Stefan)\par
- ADD: After creating a repository now a messagebox\par
       appears to inform the user of the finished\par
       command. (Stefan)\par
- ADD: new menu entry in the log dialog: it's now\par
       possible to "update to revision" with a\par
       right click on a specific revision log\par
       entry. Issue 44. (Stefan)\par
- ADD: the about box now contains the version\par
       of subversion TortoiseSVN is linked\par
       against. Issue 43. (Stefan)\par
- ADD: TSVN now has it's own caching provider.\par
       That means that username/password are\par
       cached during an active session, i.e.\par
       as long as a dialog is open. This prevents\par
       the user from entering username/password\par
       multiple times in the repository browser. (Stefan)\par
- ADD: the repository browser now always shows\par
       the full path so the user can select\par
       elements "above" the one initially entered.\par
       This fixes issue 47 (but not with an "up"\par
       button). (Stefan)\par
       \par
Version 0.10.0\par
- BUG: if several files are selected for committing\par
       and the first one is unversioned or just\par
       added a crash occured (Stefan)\par
- BUG: if a folder was renamed in a working copy\par
       with a system rename (not a 'svn rename')\par
       then explorer crashed. Issue 39. (Stefan)\par
- BUG: if an error occured while reading the\par
       config file it wasn't reported. (Stefan)\par
- BUG: the settings page crashed if not all pages\par
       were selected before hitting "ok". (Stefan)\par
- BUG: copy/paste and drag'n'drop of unversioned\par
       files could crash explorer. (Stefan)\par
- BUG: import with "use foldername as modulename"\par
       didn't work, the modulename was some random\par
       characters. (Stefan)\par
- BUG: The check for temporary files when doing an\par
       import wasn't able to delete those. (Stefan)\par
- BUG: The disk drive now shouldn't be scanned\par
       anymore if (in the settings) the icon\par
       overlays for removable drives is turned off.\par
       (Stefan)\par
- BUG: Pathnames weren't correctly converted for\par
       checkouts. (Stefan)\par
- ADD: in the settings page there's now an option\par
       if the user wants to have unversioned files\par
       shown before a commit so (s)he can add it\par
       before the commit. (Stefan)\par
- ADD: the add dialog now shows the files with\par
       the relative path so the user can better\par
       check if a file needs to be added or not.\par
       This is especially usefull if folders\par
       are added. (Stefan)\par
- ADD: Two new column providers: one for the URL\par
       of subversion files/folders and the other\par
       for a shortened URL without the server\par
       and file part. (Stefan)\par
- ADD: new icons (Luebbe)\par
- CHG: before obtaining a subversion status we\par
       now first check if an .svn directory\par
       exists - this should speed up things\par
       a little. (Stefan)\par
- CHG: In the commit dialog the focus is now\par
       set to the edit control where the user\par
       enters the log message. (Stefan)\par
- CHG: adjusted the messagebox colors to system\par
       colors. (Stefan)\par
- CHG: The green color in the progress dialog\par
       got replaced with the system color for\par
       selection background. The red color is\par
       still hardcoded - I think users who set\par
       the dialog background to red are crazy\par
       anyway :) (Stefan)\par
- CHG: exchanged positions of the ok and \par
       cancel button on popular request (Stefan).\par
\par
Version 0.9.2\par
- BUG: In the Add dialog unversioned folders\par
       with items in it lead to a crash (Stefan)\par
- BUG: removed the unused "Help" button from the \par
       settings page (Stefan)\par
- BUG: The coloring in the progress dialog was wrong \par
       if the wc contained svn:externals (Stefan)\par
- BUG: TortoiseSVN wasn't working on Win98-based\par
       systems anymore 'cause we now use UNICODE.\par
       So changed the code to compile for either\par
       MBCS _or_ UNICODE. This means we have\par
       to provide two binary versions of TSVN \par
       from now on (Stefan)\par
- CHG: The menu items now are properly aligned\par
       for both with and without icons (Stefan)\par
- CHG: merge/tag uses again an url->url copy\par
       command instead of a wc->url copy since\par
       this doesn't work for working copy root\par
       folders. (Stefan)\par
\par
Version 0.9.1\par
- BUG: the zlib dll lead to some crashes, so\par
       I went back to statically linked zlib (Stefan)\par
- BUG: The prompt dialog for log messages wasn't\par
       resized properly. (Stefan)\par
- BUG: The check for temp files was case aware (Stefan)\par
       \par
Version 0.9 (Subversion 0.21, rev 5631)\par
- BUG: in some dialog the repository browser button\par
       was disabled (Stefan)\par
- BUG: the "show log" menu was shown even if there\par
       were multiple files selected (Stefan)\par
- BUG: icon overlays weren't shown correctly if only\par
       the properties changed (Stefan)\par
- BUG: revision numbers weren't correct for HEAD (Stefan)\par
- BUG: workaround for strange apr behaviour when \par
       opening a file with WRITE|CREATE (Stefan)\par
- BUG: import dialog ignored the "use foldername\par
       as modulename" checkbox (Stefan)\par
- BUG: repository browser now works for https URLs (Stefan)\par
- BUG: import and commit log messages were limited\par
       in number of lines (Stefan)\par
- BUG: files matching the temporary extensions were\par
       not added even if the user explicitely selected\par
       them for adding. (Stefan)\par
- BUG: The folder icon overlay dissapeared if the\par
       svn:ignored property was set and an ignored\par
       file was in the folder (Stefan)\par
- ADD: in the commit dialog (logprompt) there's now\par
       a label showing to where the commit goes so\par
       the user can see if (s)he committing to\par
       a branch or trunk (or worse: to a tag) (Stefan)\par
- ADD: in the "show log" dialog its now possible to\par
       select two revisions and the context menu then\par
       allows to compare those two revisions (Stefan)\par
- ADD: browse button for merge dialog (Stefan)\par
- ADD: log messages now have a list of the changed/added\par
       removed and moved files added (Stefan)\par
- ADD: tooltips for import and checkout dialog (Stefan)\par
- ADD: the user can now decide for each authentication\par
       prompt if (s)he wants to save it or not (Stefan)\par
- ADD: if import or commit get interrupted 'cause of\par
       an error the log message is preserved (Stefan)\par
- ADD: a doubleclick on the file list in the commit\par
       dialog starts the external diff program so you\par
       can see the changes you made to the files\par
       before committing (Stefan)\par
- ADD: The temporary file mask now can have wildcards\par
       like ? and * too. (Stefan)\par
- ADD: Icon overlays can now be disabled for different\par
       drive types (Stefan)\par
- CHG: the ok button is disabled in the show log dialog\par
       while popup-commands are executed (Stefan)\par
- CHG: when committing, only files in versioned dirs are\par
       shown to the user for adding before the commit\par
       occurs (Stefan)\par
- CHG: order in which the files are passed to the diff\par
       program (Stefan)\par
- CHG: the icon overlay should now be faster. This \par
       affects mostly big directories but smaller ones\par
       should profit from it too. (Stefan)\par
- CHG: converted both projects (shell and main part)\par
       to UNICODE. This to support non-ANSI characters\par
       both for viewing and entering. This also solves\par
       Issue 37. (Stefan)\par
- CHG: the temp file mask is now stored under HKCU\par
       instead of HKLM (Stefan)\par
\par
Version 0.8.1\par
- BUG: the add menu was missing for single files (Stefan)\par
- BUG: the "update to revision" command updated always to HEAD\par
       (Stefan)\par
- BUG: if the user selected unversioned items for updating\par
       then TSVN could crash (Stefan)\par
- BUG: in the copy dialog the error message from subversion\par
       was not shown (only the beep was heard). (Stefan)\par
- BUG: if the user pressed "Cancel" in the authentication\par
       dialog then still another retry was made (Stefan)\par
- BUG: if the URL in the combobox was deleted then the\par
       repository browser button was disabled forever. (Stefan)\par
- BUG: if the repository browser was used a second time then\par
       the icons of the items were gone. (Stefan)\par
- BUG: the history combo now works as expected (Stefan)\par
- CHG: in the switch dialog now the 'switch to branch'\par
       checkbox is removed since the 'update to revision'\par
       command does exactly this. (Stefan)\par
- CHG: the copy command now uses the progess dialog (Stefan)\par
- CHG: use always wc->url in copy command (Stefan)\par
- ADD: the progress dialog now shows the different actions\par
       in color. Also it now shows directly if during an\par
       update a file gets conflicted or merged. (Stefan)\par
- ADD: cancellation for the log command. (Stefan)\par
- ADD: the branch/tag dialog now shows from which URL the\par
       branch/tag is made. (Stefan)\par
- ADD: a 'browse repository' button in the switch dialog (Stefan)\par
- ADD: "show log" now in the TSVN submenu too (Stefan)\par
\par
Version 0.8\par
- CHG: most used commands are now in the top context menu and\par
       not in the submenu anymore (Stefan)\par
- CHG: Modified the SVN Progress dialog so that the columns are\par
       resized before any data is added. Also ensured that all\par
       items are *entirely* visible even if the horizontal scroll\par
       bar is visible. (Damian)\par
- CHG: icon for cleanup command (Stefan)\par
- ADD: drag and drop handler for adding files to a working copy\par
       and for moving files inside a working copy (Stefan)\par
- ADD: the commit dialog now shows all unversioned files\par
       and lets the user select them to add before committing,\par
       issue #22 (Stefan)\par
- ADD: A browse for folder button to the Checkout dialog.\par
       Modified the initial value of the checkout directory field\par
       contain the current working directory (InitInstanceMade\par
       method of the CTortoiseProcApp class). (Damian)\par
- ADD: If the user selects two files then there's now a "Diff"\par
       entry in the submenu which starts the external diff program\par
       on those two files. It's not required that the two files\par
       be under version control - it works on every two files.\par
       This is a handy and fast way to see the diff. (Stefan)\par
- ADD: delete and rename command has now an own menu icon (Stefan)\par
- BUG: the "save as..." dialog didn't show up under NT4 'cause\par
       of the changed size of OPENFILENAME structure (Stefan)\par
- BUG: the property page wasn't shown in the selected language\par
       but in the system default language (Stefan)\par
\par
Version 0.7\par
- BUG: log messages were not converted back from utf8 before \par
       showing them to the user (Stefan)\par
- BUG: copy dialog did not work properly (Stefan)\par
- BUG: revert wasn't shown for folders (Stefan)\par
- BUG: context menu on the start-button wasn't shown\par
       correctly - it's disabled there now (Stefan)\par
- BUG: submenu entry on older system wasn't shown (Stefan)\par
- CHG: the watcher process is now disabled. I.e. renames/moves\par
       and copy operations don't work anymore directly in \par
       explorer (Stefan)\par
- ADD: in the import dialog it's now possible to specify if\par
       the foldername should be used as the new module name\par
       or (if not checked) if the contents of the folder \par
       should be imported directly to the url. (Stefan)\par
- ADD: if the user selects a directory for "Add" then\par
       a dialog shows up showing all unversioned items\par
       recursively in that folder. (Stefan)\par
- ADD: internationalization (i18l) of TortoiseProc part. (Stefan)\par
- ADD: runtime switching of languages (Stefan)\par
- ADD: german language (Stefan)\par
- ADD: italian language (Federico Barbieri)\par
\par
Version 0.6.1 (Subversion 0.18.1)\par
- BUG: the log message was not utf8 converted. (Stefan)\par
- CHG: in the update dialog when pressing "Show Log..." the logs\par
       are now shown in reverse order like the normal log dialog.\par
       (Stefan)\par
- ADD: several commands which take longer to finish can now be\par
       cancelled thanks to new API in Subversion. (Stefan)\par
- ADD: before committing a check is done on the urlpath if a \par
       "/tags/" is in there which will generate now a warning.\par
       (Stefan)\par
- ADD: the apr-iconv modules for UTF8 conversion are now included\par
       (Stefan)\par
\par
Version 0.6 (Subversion 0.18)\par
- BUG: authentication did not work (Stefan)\par
- BUG: if in commit no file was selected then subversion crashed\par
       (Stefan)\par
- CHG: the external diff program is now called differently so we\par
       get greater compatibility with other diff programs. (Stefan)\par
- ENH: the repository browser now uses the correct icons from the\par
       system icon list for folders and files. (Stefan)\par
- ADD: after an update of a working copy a "show log..." button\par
       is shown which will (if pressed) get the logs for the\par
       revisions since the last update. (Stefan)\par
\par
Version 0.5.1 (Subversion rev: 4753)\par
- BUG: the width and height of the context menu is now calculated\par
       correctly according to the length of the string and the\par
       selected system font. (Stefan)\par
- BUG: columnprovider crashed for unversioned files inside a working\par
       copy. (Stefan)\par
- BUG: committing of several selected files resulted in several\par
       separate commits instead of only one. (Stefan)\par
- BUG: the modulename in checkout was ignored. (Stefan)\par
- ENH: resizable dialogs now have a resize grip on the bottom right\par
       corner to show the user that they are resizable. (Stefan)\par
- ADD: a diff command exists now in the context menu for comparing\par
       the changes to the text-base (changes since last commit).\par
       (Stefan)\par
- ADD: when doing a commit TSVN now determines first which files\par
       need a commit and let the user select which of these\par
       are actually needed for a commit. This makes it also easier\par
       to write log messages since its visible which files have\par
       changed. (Stefan)\par
       \par
Version 0.5\par
- BUG: two separators could appear together in submenu (Tim)\par
- BUG: changed the projects to using the berkeley db\par
       built with VC.NET instead of VC6.\par
       This inconsistency caused heap corruption when accessing\par
       the db. Solved different bugs related to local repository\par
       access. (Stefan)\par
- BUG: the "browse for external diff program" dialog wouldn't\par
       show up 'cause the stringbuffer must be initialized to zero\par
       (Stefan)\par
- BUG: in the explorer file menu the TortoiseSVN menu entry got\par
       added every time the file menu was selected which lead to\par
       multiple menu entries. (Stefan)\par
- BUG: selecting a link and choosing "properties" caused explorer \par
       to crash. (Stefan)\par
- BUG: when no status of a file could be obtained (wc locked, ...)\par
       then the commands copy, merge and switch crashed. (Stefan)\par
- BUG: if an older revision could not get checked out (subversion\par
       throws an error) then the command "compare with working copy"\par
       would crash. (Stefan)\par
- BUG: the changewatcher process didn't check for svn_wc_status_none.\par
       (Stefan)\par
- BUG: renaming files didn't work (via menu, not via changewatcher)\par
       Issue 12 (Stefan)\par
- BUG: the call of the external diff failed when the filename \par
       contained spaces. Issue 11 (Stefan)\par
- BUG: hopefully fixed the icon spacing in the submenu (modelled it\par
       on the new menu in windows. (Tim)\par
- CHG: made the required API changes in the authentication subversion\par
       uses. (Stefan)\par
- ENH: issue #4 done. Urls have now a dropdown combobox with the\par
       last entered values. (Stefan)\par
- ENH: issue 10 done. Save revision of a file now works in the\par
       log dialog from the context menu. (Stefan)\par
- ENH: issue 2: update to a specific revision is now possible through\par
       the shift-right-click context menu. Then the command "update"\par
       changes to "update to revision...". (Stefan)\par
- ENH: issue #6 done. you can now sepcify a revision in the checkout \par
       dialog (Tim)\par
- ADD: issue #7 done. You can now browse the local filesystem for a \par
       local repository. You can also browse a repository (local and \par
       remote) for paths (Tim)\par
- ADD: the settings dialog contains now a page for proxy settings.\par
       (Stefan)\par
- ADD: two new column providers: one for the revision number and\par
       the second overrides the predefined "author" column. (Stefan)\par
- ADD: added browse button to the Import dialog. You can now browse \par
       the local filesystem for a local repository. You can also \par
       browse a repository (local and remote) for paths. (Tim)\par
\par
Version 0.4\par
- BUG: errors were not displayed to the user for commit and add \par
       (Stefan)\par
- BUG: in the log dialog the wrong log entries were shown when\par
       the selection was changed with the up/down key (Stefan)\par
- BUG: fixed HKLM and HKCU discrepancies in the registry settings\par
       (Stefan)\par
- BUG: now the watcher checks first if the file actually WAS under\par
       subversion control before trying to redo the action (Stefan)\par
- ENH: Revert now asks an "are you sure?" to prevent unintentional\par
       data loss (Stefan)\par
- ENH: added context menu icons (Stefan)\par
- ENH: added a check for temporary files when doing import/add (Stefan)\par
- ENH: added a crashhandler for better bug tracking - does NOT work\par
       with the shell integration part (sad, but true) (Stefan)\par
- ENH: improved speed of the column handler (Stefan)\par
- ENH: show messagebox when 'cleanup' has finished (Stefan)\par
- ENH: improved speed for icon overlay by adding small cache (Stefan)\par
- CHG: while receiving log messages display them so the user can\par
       see that something is going on (Stefan)\par
- CHG: overlay for anything else than 'normal' is now shown as \par
       'modified'. 'obstructed' and 'conflicted' are shown as\par
       'conflicted' as before. (Stefan)\par
\par
Version 0.3\par
- ENH: log messages are now received from the HEAD of the repository\par
  and not from the workingcopy revision on. (Stefan)\par
- BUG: properties page in explorer crashed when a non versioned item\par
  inside a versioned directory was selected. (Tim)\par
- BUG: crash in Win95/98/Me because of 'normal' parameter instead of\par
  unicode. (Stefan)\par
- ENH: new command in log window to compare the working copy with an\par
  older revision. (Stefan)\par
\par
Version 0.2\par
- basic functions are working (Tim/Stefan)\par
- removed WxWindows part and changed to MFC (Stefan)\par
\par
Version 0.1\par
starting, very few thing are working and even more crashing. (Tim)\par
}
 